---
title: "Research on network design of underground logistics channel based on simulated annealing algorithm"
collection: publications
permalink: /publications/2019-paper1
date: 2019-10
venue: 'Journal of Highway and Transportation Research and Development'
paperurl: ''
citation: 'Chuankun Liu, Minghao Chen, et al. &quot;Research on network design of underground logistics channel based on simulated annealing algorithm.&quot; <i>Journal of Highway and Transportation Research and Development</i>. 1(1).'
---
Abstract: Taking a local logistics survey as an engineering background, combining with the research results of underground logistics system at home and abroad, considering the route optimization and transportation cost，setting up a linear programming model with the minimum total cost as the optimization objective and solving the model by simulated annealing algorithm. The research shows that: ① The global optimal solution of underground logistics network channel design in this area based on simulated annealing algorithm control the total cost of underground logistics network operation effectively. ② Because of the large quantity of goods delivered from the logistics park and transported by the underground logistics channel, the demand of the channel design between the first level nodes and the logistics parks will be higher. The channel design between the logistics park and the first level nodes is more demanding and the channel design is two-way four-track (10 tons) or two-way two-track (10 tons). ③ All logistics parks show significant fluctuations in total freight volume at each demand point. There is a little deviation between the total cargo volume of all demand points in each logistics park, and the freight volume of each demand point fluctuates in a certain range. ④ The freight volume of each service node is different for each demand point, but they all follow the nearest principle, which means each logistics point will get the logistics as far as possible from the nearest service node. ⑤ Transferring part of the freight volume with underground logistics channel, the traffic congestion coefficient of each regional demand point is reduced to 4 and below and the demand for traffic is basically unimpeded. The research results can provide a reference for the future planning and construction of underground logistics system.
